after the election of the rector of the state
citizen outside
head of bank stanford h
this time girl time is
citizen budget
our child support arrears
today is
35 thousand rubles
according to the new law, the passenger
debt for alimony has no
right to leave the country
pay off and gave come on all four
side rector 1 and i'm not
I have a plane
so here so after 15 minutes
let's hurry faster
I can not ask your task cost
raw materials
you have money
only dollars
very well let's take a thousand and a half
dollars I have a lot of noise that up to 300 today
the course
but who is it
almost everything to do with yourself
sea ​​sun nobody takes you
be swimming and sunbathing
Ministry of Finance
citizen before the case of Ivan Christoforovich
but people do not know faster and with benefit
this year violated the rules eight times
road traffic
but did not pay a fine
your zadonska today
is 5 thousand 95 rubles
according to the new law replace and
right to leave the country
how do they pay off this debt
mess of cultures
video not only pay for documents
back ottayka then me already airplanes
flies in 10 minutes
Our arrears of fines
traffic regulations
redeemed
one minute
bring Ivan Christoforovich
just recently a traffic light
what else
according to the provided
down to more than eight months is not
paid utilities
we have no right to let out
country limits until you pay and not here
it was
well, not only in five minutes
I have no more money
Do not worry Masha voucher for the Maldives
just resold but he
not yet received
and after him further afield
you can now visit the near corner
And the difference in price is important.
what the buyer
goes where you want to go
visit small towns of Belarus with
weeks at the stations where the masorin passes
what are some of them president
republic no vadim pankov levant
which is forty kilometers from Odessa
admire the black sea
to drink local cold renan 2
do what you want project
your voucher
this week in belarus
for the post I asked
as reported by the police
citizen every now and then
Ivan Christoforovich
here
three years ago the water housing its mother in law
still vitali mikhalkovy 10 another
to buy a TV
write a receipt to return the money
in three months
we have to pay off debt
started at the time of the assessment
one of the networks
and all the graphite you live where
in the lower tagil
very good
then this advance will be enough for you
happy traveling lady of them
just like russia
from lower tagil